What do you think about the exteriors of the house?
What do you think about the garden?
What do you think about the entrance?

Do you prefer a shower or a bathtub?

The living is well exposed with access on the garden. 
It's big enough for diners and parties with family and friends.
You can easily park the car at the entrance. 
This is very convenient when coming back from supermarket.
The kitchen is well equipped.
The first bedroom is big enough for 3 peoples.
The second room has a lot of space for playing alone or with friends. 

What is your name? 
What is your wife’s name?
What is your husband’s name?
What is your son’s name?
What are your parents’ name?
What is your mom’s name?
What is your father’s name?
How old are you?
What is your age?

Do you like this house?
Do you like this room?
What do you think of this room?
What kind of stove would you like to have?
Do you want to see the fridge?
You don’t like the stove?
Leather is not what you are looking for?
What is wrong with the sofas exactly?
Is it big enough for your family ?

This is the livingroom.
This is the bathroom. This is the bedroom.
This is the exterior.
This is the kitchen.
This is a kid’s bedroom.
You can look around.
Look around.
Have a look.
Take a look.
If you have question about anything to hesitate to ask.
You can see a nice induction stove over there.
The stove is pretty recent.
Stove is not that important, it can be changed.
We can talk about the dishwasher if you would like.
It is a new cutting-edge dishwasher.
The dishwasher is a bit old but it is still going strong.
The fridge has an icecube machine
 It is a big fridge with a lot of space to store all your fresh products.
The best fridge in the market!
The livingroom offers a lot of open space.
This is the perfect living room to host dinner party.
Thanks to the many windows you have a lot of natural light brightening up your daily life!
Here you have a wooden table.
Six people can sit around the table.
This is the perfect table for your everyday meals.
To watch tv and rest comfortably, these three sofas are exactly what you need.
This is leather indeed.
But three sofas is the perfect number to fill all your needs.
We can talk about the tv if you are interested.
This is a led screen, and pretty large.
You have access to the cable.
You can watch everything you like on this amazing screen.
Let’s take a look to the exterior, shall we.
As you can see, the garden is big.
This is indeed natural grass, but you have a mower at your disposal.
I hope you like this garden, it is one of the biggest asset of this house.
You have a parking spot inside the garage.
If you need to, you can park two cars here.
The house comes with two parking spots.

There is a shiny mirror.
The floor is brand new.
You can pee in peaceful ambience.
Even flower can live in this room.
